# dpkg -l; Shows all packages.
# This list is very limited and shows some or more i often forget :)
# You may check for help handling packages for other CPUs:
# https://askubuntu.com/questions/17823/how-to-list-all-installed-packages/496042#496042
#
# You may try this:
# Create a backup of what packages are currently installed:
# > dpkg --get-selections > list.txt
# Then (on another system) restore installations from that list:
# > dpkg --clear-selections
# > sudo dpkg --set-selections < list.txt
# To get rid of stale packages:
# > sudo apt-get autoremove
# To get installed like at backup time (i.e. to install packages set by dpkg --set-selections):
# > sudo apt-get dselect-upgrade
#
# dpkg --set-selections < <this file>
# but: use sync-available of dctrl-tools pkg befor you use dpkg --set-selections to update to db

anacron                                          install
apache2-utils                                    install
apt                                              install
apt-listchanges                                  install
apt-transport-https                              install
apt-utils                                        install
aptitude                                         install
aptitude-common                                  install
at                                               install
binutils                                         install
bsdmainutils                                     install
bsdutils                                         install
build-essential                                  install
busybox                                          install
bzip2                                            install
ca-certificates                                  install
ca-certificates-java                             install
cabextract                                       install
cifs-utils                                       install
composer                                         install
console-setup                                    install
console-setup-linux                              install
coreutils                                        install
cpp                                              install
cpulimit                                         install
crda                                             install
cron                                             install
cryptsetup                                       install
cryptsetup-bin                                   install
cups-client                                      install
cups-common                                      install
# cups-pk-helper                                   install
curl                                             install
dash                                             install
davfs2                                           install
# ddrescueview                                     install
gddrescue                                        install
debianutils                                      install
default-jre                                      install
default-jre-headless                             install
dh-autoreconf                                    install
dh-make                                          install
dh-php                                           install
dh-python                                        install
dh-strip-nondeterminism                          install
dmsetup                                          install
dosfstools                                       install
dpkg                                             install
dpkg-dev                                         install
# dvd+rw-tools                                     install
e2fsprogs                                        install
ethtool                                          install
faad                                             install
fakeroot                                         install
fancontrol                                       install
ffmpeg                                           install
ffmpeg-doc                                       install
findutils                                        install
flac                                             install
fuse                                             install
gdisk                                            install
genisoimage                                      install
geoip-database                                   install
gettext                                          install
gettext-base                                     install
gettext-doc                                      install
git                                              install
git-extras                                       install
git-man                                          install
git-svn                                          install
github-backup                                    install
gitstats                                         install
gpm                                              install
grep                                             install
groff-base                                       install
growisofs                                        install
gzip                                             install
hashdeep                                         install
hddtemp                                          install
hdparm                                           install
html2ps                                          install
htop                                             install
imagemagick                                      install
imagemagick-doc                                  install
installation-report                              install
intltool-debian                                  install
iproute2                                         install
iptables                                         install
isc-dhcp-client                                  install
isc-dhcp-common                                  install
iso-codes                                        install
iw                                               install
javascript-common                                install
jsonlint                                         install
keyutils                                         install
lame                                             install
less                                             install
libavcodec-extra57                               install
libavdevice57                                    install
libavfilter6                                     install
libavformat57                                    install
libavresample3                                   install
libavutil55                                      install
# libdvdcss2                                       install
# libdvdcss2-dbgsym                                install
libpam-mount                                     install
libpam-ssh                                       install
libtool                                          install
libwine                                          install
lm-sensors                                       install
locales                                          install
logrotate                                        install
lsb-base                                         install
lsb-release                                      install
lsof                                             install
make                                             install
man-db                                           install
manpages                                         install
manpages-de                                      install
manpages-dev                                     install
mc                                               install
mc-data                                          install
md5deep                                          install
mlocate                                          install
mp3blaster                                       install
mp3check                                         install
# mp3diags                                         install
mp3info                                          install
mp3rename                                        install
mp4v2-utils                                      install
# mplayer                                          install
mppenc                                           install
multitail                                        install
mutt                                             install
mysql-common                                     install
nano                                             install
ncftp                                            install
ndiff                                            install
net-tools                                        install
netbase                                          install
netcat-traditional                               install
netpbm                                           install
nfs-common                                       install
nmap                                             install
# notification-daemon                              install
ntfs-3g                                          install
ntp                                              install
ntpdate                                          install
openssh-client                                   install
openssh-server                                   install
openssh-sftp-server                              install
openssl                                          install
# owncloud-client                                  install
# owncloud-client-l10n                             install
parted                                           install
patch                                            install
# pavucontrol                                      install
pdepend                                          install
perl                                             install
phing                                            install
php-codecoverage                                 install
php-codesniffer                                  install
php-common                                       install
php-pear                                         install
php-psr-log                                      install
php-tcpdf                                        install
php-cli                                          install
php-common                                       install
php-curl                                         install
php-gd                                           install
php-json                                         install
php-mbstring                                     install
php-mysql                                        install
# php-opcache                                      install
php-readline                                     install
php-recode                                       install
php-soap                                         install
php-sqlite3                                      install
php-tidy                                         install
php-xml                                          install
php-xmlrpc                                       install
# php-xsl                                          install
php-zip                                          install
phpmd                                            install
phpunit                                          install
phpunit-dbunit                                   install
pkg-php-tools                                    install
procps                                           install
psmisc                                           install
rar                                              install
rename                                           install
reportbug                                        install
rrdtool                                          install
rsync                                            install
# sane-utils                                       install
screen                                           install
sed                                              install
# shared-mime-info                                 install
smartmontools                                    install
# smb4k                                            install
smbc                                             install
smbclient                                        install
smbnetfs                                         install
sox                                              install
sshfs                                            install
strace                                           install
subversion                                       install
subversion-tools                                 install
sudo                                             install
svn2cl                                           install
tar                                              install
telnet                                           install
traceroute                                       install
transfig                                         install
tree                                             install
ttf-dejavu                                       install
ttf-dejavu-core                                  install
ttf-dejavu-extra                                 install
ttf-mscorefonts-installer                        install
ucf                                              install
unace                                            install
unar                                             install
unrar                                            install
unzip                                            install
# ure                                              install
urlview                                          install
usbutils                                         install
vim                                              install
vim-addon-manager                                install
vim-common                                       install
vim-doc                                          install
vim-runtime                                      install
vim-scripts                                      install
vim-tiny                                         install
vorbis-tools                                     install
vorbisgain                                       install
w-scan                                           install
w3m                                              install
wav2cdr                                          install
wavpack                                          install
wget                                             install
wine                                             install
winff                                            install
wireless-tools                                   install
wodim                                            install
wpasupplicant                                    install
x264                                             install
x265                                             install
xfsprogs                                         install
zenmap                                           install
zip                                              install
zsh                                              install
zsh-common                                       install
zsh-doc                                          install
bash                                             install
